Preload: dispatching-parallel-agents to deploy fullstack-dev-skills:code-reviewer, game-design:level-design-review, game-design:polish-review, game-design:fun-review, game-design:feedback-loop-review, game-design:appeal-engagement-review superpowers:systematic-debugging, spec-miner, code-reviewer, context-mode, architecture-patterns, game-design:cursed-problems, game-design:balance-review, game-design:economy-review, /game-design:level-design-review, and humanizer. Analyze the following: the prose, results, choices, sheet, tactical ui, tutorial, shops, services, items, equipment, balancing stats+abilities+traits+equipment against dcs and combat encounters, stats, abilities and passive traits, level up system, travel system, npc conversations and local localities such as taverns, inns and shops that would have conversational npcs and the pathing of all main and side plots in stage 1 & 2 and ask me at least 20 clarifying questions with an explanation, options and the recommendation before creating a plan that do not have an obvious best solution. we're only working within stages 1 and 2. This should build on existing mechanics both being used and left in development. On these specific topics we should look at what needs to be tightened up and improved for immersion, quality, and full implementation of the existing mechanics. we are not creating more mechanics or new branches. we are tightening up the game release for stages 1 and 2. Keep the plan scope restricted to these and mechanics/hud around them building on what already is created or connecting existing development to working systems on the topics of the prose, results, choices, sheet, tactical ui, tutorial, shops, services, items, equipment, balancing stats+aciveabilities+passivetraits+equipment against dcs/combat encounters/make sure the mechanics and text are clean and immersive, stats, active abilities and passive traits, level up system, travel system, npc conversations and local localities such as taverns, inns and shops that would have conversational npcs and the pathing of all main and side plots in stage 1 & 2. Your plan should be written from the findings of those tools using use writing-plans after asking me questions about the findings in the explanation of question, multiple options and recommendations. Do you have any questions about the scope before starting?